[Autotuner] Plotting utility + test (#2394)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow: docs/user/InstructionsForAutoTuner.md

                       sweep
```

#### Plot images

> After running the autotuner experiments, you can visualize the results as follows.
> Currently, we support the following metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running an AutoTuner experiment, you can generate a graph to understand the results better.
The graph will show one of the metrics listed below progression over the execution of the experiment.
```

                       sweep
```

#### Plot images

After running an AutoTuner experiment, you can generate a graph to understand the results better.

> The graph will show one of the metrics listed below progression over the execution of the experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The graph will show the progression of one metric (see list below) over the execution of the experiment.
```
